-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              ASSIGNMENT 1 README                              
                              COGS121 Spring 2016                              
       Allan Asis, Hui Chen, Gabriel Gaddi, Michelle Nguyen, Alicia Ning       

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ HEURISTICS ] ----------------------------------------------------------------

	1.  Visibility of system status

		The interface provides the user with several text prompts to guide
		them through each step in the process of adding a new post. The text
		box contains placeholder text with clear instructions for next steps,
		and the button for adding audio also communicates its purpose to the
		user.
		The user can hit enter/return to send their post, but there is also
		a "post" button to further clarify current status.
		When the user scrolls down their post timeline, a clickable option
		appears to scroll back to the top.

	2.  Match between system and real world

		The app uses terms familiar to the user and avoids technical terms.
		Users can "like", "dislike", and "comment" on posts -- terms that are
		commonly used in other social media sites.
		Posts appear as a vertical timeline with most recent posts on top and
		older posts further down, so that users may easily stay up-to-date.

	3.  User control and freedom

		Users can easily modify and delete any text they put in the text box.
		Should the user delete all text they put in the box, the placeholder
		text will appear again to indicate their status.
		The user can also toggle the audio upload by simply clicking the + 
		button -- so if the user decides not to upload audio with their post 
		after all, they can simply click the audio upload off.

	4.  Consistency and standards

		Terms are kept clear and consistent throughout the app's interface to
		avoid confusion.
		The app does not contain any complex or specific terminology that the
		user would not already be familiar with from other social media sites.

	5.  Error prevention

		Given more time and resources, we would implement a check to 
		ensure that the user-input URL is a valid url.

	6.  Recognition rather than recall
	
		Placeholder text and other text instructions are always easily
		retrievable for the user. If there is nothing in the post text box, the
		place holder text will be visible. The text prompt to upload an audio 
		post is also available with a single click.
		Most of the information is displayed with a single look at the page, 
		so the user will not lose information when travelling between pages.

	7.  Flexibility and efficiency of use

		Posts can be made either by pressing enter or by pressing the post 
		button. Frequent users who are more familiar with the interface may 
		prefer the former while the latter is always available to users less 
		familiar with the functionality.

	8.  Aesthetic and minimalist design
	
		The app has a simple interface with the majority of the text being 
		provided by the user. Any other information presented is solely for 
		the purpose of instruction and clarification.

	9.  Recognize, diagnose, and recover from errors

		Should the user make a mistaken post, we planned to give them the 
		option to delete it and re-create it.
		Given more time, we would also implement a feature that checks if the 
		URL provided by the user is valid and warns the user if it is not.

	10. Help and documentation

		Given that the app should be simple and familiar to the user, the help 
		provided is rather simple and given in the form of instructional 
		messages placed next to the features they describe (for entering a 
		message and adding an audio file).


[ CONTRIBUTIONS ] -------------------------------------------------------------

	Allan:		
		Completed Part 1 for better understanding. Implemented socket and the 
		database to save data and use that data in the html. Helping with 
		error checking for part 2.

	Veronica:	
		Worked on Part 1 as well along with Allan. Helped with error checking 
		and fixing.

	Gabriel:	
		Worked on Part 1 as well along with Allan. Helped with error checking 
		and fixing.

	Michelle:	
		Worked mostly on front-end. Worked on the design for Part 2 and 
		followed heuristic elements. 

	Alicia:
		Worked alongside Michelle on the front-end. Made sure design followed 
		heuristic features. Filled out the heuristics report. Contributed 
		any visuals needed for application.